README.md, before:

# Social Sim

Social Sim is a social file sharing network emulation software. It emulates consumers and content producers on a social network 
to discover which searching, liking and following strategies gives the consumer and producer their best results. The software
allows you to define the number of comsumer and producers, the number of tags and the different strategies to use.

## Usage

To start the program run simulation.jar and follow the simulation instructions.

## History

#### Milestone 1 due October 19th

- Simulation can be run through a command line.

- Single search strategy for consumer and producer.

- README provided and up to date.

- UML Diagram up to date.

- Java Docs up to date.

#### Milestone 2 due November 9th

- To be completed

#### Milestone 3 due November 23rd

- To be completed

#### Milestone 4 due December 7th

- To be completed

## Known Issues

-  Two unused search methods are included, HipsterSearch.java and RandomSearch.java. To be ignored for Milenstone1.

##Social Sim Created By:

- Justin Fleming

- Monica Ruttle

- Noah Segal

- Reid Cain-Mondoux

README by: Reid Cain-Mondoux

Commit message:

Milestone 2 achievements, Added libraries needed.

README.md, after:

# Social Sim

Social Sim is a social file sharing network emulation software. It emulates consumers and content producers on a social network 
to discover which searching, liking and following strategies gives the consumer and producer their best results. The software
allows you to define the number of comsumer and producers, the number of tags and the different strategies to use.

## Usage

To start the program run simulation.jar and follow the simulation instructions. Ensure you have access to jfreechart-1.0.19.jar and jcommon-1.0.23.jar.

## History

#### Milestone 1 due October 19th

- Simulation can be run through a command line.

- Single search strategy for consumer and producer.

- README provided and up to date.

- UML Diagram up to date.

- Java Docs up to date.

#### Milestone 2 due November 9th

- Added Gui.

- Added Unit Tests and Test Suite. 

- documentation updated. 
 
#### Milestone 3 due November 23rd

- To be completed

#### Milestone 4 due December 7th

- To be completed

## Known Issues

-  Two unused search methods are included, HipsterSearch.java and RandomSearch.java. To be ignored for Milenstone1.

##Social Sim Created By:

- Justin Fleming

- Monica Ruttle

- Noah Segal

- Reid Cain-Mondoux

README by: Reid Cain-Mondoux
